THAT WAS VERY, VERY HELPFUL AND
USEFUL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> AS THE FIGURE OF MAYHEM
DISSIPATES.
THE FULL PICTURE OF THE TERROR,
THE CRISIS, THAT TOOK PLACE IN
THE NATION’S CAPITOL ON
WEDNESDAY IS COMING IN TO FOCUS.
FIRST OF ALL, WE SHOULD SAY
THIS, THERE’S A DEATH TOLL WHICH
NOW STANDS AT FIVE.
WE SHOULD NOTE THAT IS ONE
GREATER THAN THE NUMBER OF
AMERICANS WHO DIED IN THE ATTACK
ON THE U.S. GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS
IN BENGHAZI OVER EIGHT YEARS
AGO.
LAST TIME AN AMERICAN GOVERNMENT
BUILDING WAS OVERRUN BY
RAMPAGING AND VIOLENT MOB.
THAT LED TO MORE THAN TWO YEARS
OF INVESTIGATIONS.
DOZENS OF CONGRESSIONAL
HEARINGS.
FOUR OF THE PEOPLE KILLED AS A
RESULT OF THE CAPITOL ATTACK
APPEAR TO HAVE BEEN RIOTERS
THEMSELVES.
ONE OF THEM WAS SHOT IN THE NECK
BY POLICE AS SHE AND OTHERS
TRIED TO BREAK IN THE SPEAKER’S
LOBBY AS YOU CAN SEE IN THE
VIDEO.
THE MOST RECENT CASUALTY OF THE
MOB, THAT THE PRESIDENT AND
OTHER REPUBLICANS INCITED IS A
42-YEAR-OLD VETERAN AND
POLICEMAN.
ACCORDING TO RECORDING, HE WAS
STRUCK WITH A FIRE EXTINGUISHER
AMID THE CHAOS ON WEDNESDAY.
HE SUCCOMBED TO HIS INJURIES
LAST NIGHT.
AND THAT MEANS THE U.S. CAPITOL
IS NOW THE SITE OF A HOMICIDE
INVESTIGATION AMONG OTHER
THINGS.
WHAT WE SAW HAPPEN ON WEDNESDAY
WAS THE APPARENT MURDER OF A
POLICE OFFICER BY MEMBERS OF A
MOB INCITED AND DIRECTED TO THE
CAPITOL BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
WHO HOPED THEY WOULD
SUCCESSFULLY INTIMIDATE MEMBERS
OF CONGRESS OUT OF CERTIFYING
THE RIGHT OFFUL DEMOCRATIC
VICTORY OF HIS POLITICAL
OPPONENT.
>>> WE ALL WATCHED THIS TERRIBLE
SPECTACLE UNFOLD LIVE ON
TELEVISION.
THE IMAGES BROADCAST WERE
LARGELY NOT THE MOST HORRIFYING
ONES OF THE DAY.
MUCH OF WHAT WE SAW, SILLY KOSS
COSTUMES AND SELFIES LOOKED LIKE
A GROUP THAT MAY ATTEND A TRUMP
BOAT PARADE.
BUT THERE WAS SOMETHING WAY, WAY
DARKER, MORE VIOLENT, MORE SIN
SISTER, AND MORE ORGANIZED
HAPPENING IN THE CAPITOL ON
WEDNESDAY.
AND IT’S TIME WE SEE IT CLEARLY.
>>> THE CROWDS WERE GATHERING ON
THE EAST SIDE OF THE CAPITOL
INNER EARLY AFTERNOON, THE
REMEMBER CAP SENATOR, JOSH HO
HAWLEY WALK BID AND GAVE A FIST
BUMP TO VOTE AGAINST
PENNSYLVANIA.
AND AFTER THE RIOTERS BROKE IN,
WE HAD EYEWITNESS ACCOUNTS OF
PEOPLE LOOKING FOR THE VICE
PRESIDENT.
ROUTERS EDITOR SAYING HE HEARD
AT LEAST THREE DIFFERENT RIOTERS
IN THE CAPITOL HOPED TO FIND
MIKE PENCE AND EXECUTE HIM BY
HANGING HIM FROM THE CAPITOL
HILL TREE AS A TRAITOR. INDEED, ONE OF THE
INDEED, ONE OF THE
INSURRECTIONIST ERECTED A GALLO
GALLOWS, THIS IS A CROWD
CHANTING HANG MIKE PENCE.
WHILE MIKE PENCE WAS IN THE
CAPITOL, HAD GONE TO THE
UNDISCLOSED LOCATION BECAUSE HE
FAILED TO DO WHAT TRUMP SAID HE
HAD TO DO OR FACE CONSEQUENCES
OR FACE THEIR WRATH.
HERE IS MORE FOOTAGE.
THIS IS OF AN AP PHOTOGRAPHER
BEING ATTACKED AS HE COVERED THE
RIOTS.
HE IS SHOVED AROUND THE CROWDS
AS IT DESCENDS ON HIM AND HE IS
EVENTUALLY PULLED TO SAFETY BY A
COOLER HEADED TRUMP SUPPORTER,
LUCKILY OR LORD KNOWS WHAT WOULD
HAVE HAPPENED TO THAT MAN.
WE ARE HEARING FIRST HAND
ACCOUNTS OF THE TOWER OR FROM
OTHER MEMBERS OF THE PRESS.
AARON SHAFF, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER
FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES, SHE SAID
THREE MEN IN BLACK SURROUNDED ME
AND DEMANDED TO KNOW WHO I
WORKED FOR.
GRABBED MY PRESS PASS AND SAW IT
SAY NEW YORK TIMES AND BECAME
ANGRY AND THREW ME TO THE FLOOR
AND TRIED TO TAKE MY CAMERAS.
I STARTED TO SCREAM FOR HELP AS
LOUDLY AS I COULD, AND NO ONE
CAME, PEOPLE WATCHED, AND AT
THIS POINT, I THOUGHT I COULD BE
KILLED AND NO ONE COULD STOP.
THEY RIPPED THE CAMERA BROKE A
LENS AND RAN AWAY.
THERE’S THE DEEPLY UNSETTLING
IMAGES OF THIS GUY.
IN THE SENATE CHAMBER, DRESSED
IN FULL TACTICAL GEAR CARRYING
PLASTIC ZIP TIES.
AS IT’S WRITTEN, THOSE ARE FLEX
CUFFS THE PLASTIC DOUBLE
RERESTRAINTS USED BY POLICE IN
MASS AARREST SITUATIONS.
THEY WENT IN TO THE CAPITOL AS
CONGRESS WAS COUNTING ELECTORAL
VOTES EQUIPPED TO TAKE HOSTAGES
TO PHYSICALLY SEIZE OFFICIALS
AND PRESUMABLY TO TAKE LIVES.
>>> IT IS ENTIRELY POSSIBLE THAT
THERE WERE PEOPLE IN THAT CROWD
LOOKING TO APPREHEND AND
POSSIBLY HARM AND POSSIBLY
MURDER THE LEADERS OF THE
POLITICAL CLASS THAT THE
PRESIDENT AND PEOPLE LIKE MO
BROOKS AND EVEN TO A CERTAIN
EXTENT THAT TED CRUZ AND HAWLEY
HAVE TOLD THEM ARE HAVE BETRAYED
THEM.
IF YOU DON’T BELIEVE ME, LISTEN
TO THEIR OWN WORDS.
THIS VIDEO THAT WAS LICENSED
FROM A SELF DESCRIBED CIVIL
RIGHTS ACTIVIST IS DISTURBING.
>> WE WANT YOU TO GO HOME.
THERE’S SO MANY PEOPLE.
IT’S JUST, THEY ARE GOING TO
PUSH THEIR WAY UP HERE.
BRO, I SEE PEOPLE OUT THERE GET
HURT.
I DON’T WANT TO SEE YOU GET
WE WILL MAKE A -- WE DON’T
WANT -- WE WILL MAKE A PATH.
MAKE A PATH!
WHEN THE WHOLE COUNTRY HATES
YOU.
WE HATE YOU.
>> GO HOME, GO, LET’S GO, GET
THIS --.
GO!
>> BREAK IT DOWN, BREAK IT DOWN.
BREAK IT DOWN.
BREAK IT THE -- DOWN!
BREAK IT DOWN!
NO!
[ SCREAMING ]
>> THERE’S A GUN, THERE’S A GUN.
>> HEY, HE’S GOT A GUN!
>> HEY!
[ GUNFIRE ]
>> OH!
OH!
>> ANOTHER EXTREMELY DISTURBING
VIDEO.
SHOWS A PROUD OF TRUMP
SUPPORTERS TRYING TO FORCE THEIR
WAY IN AS OFFICERS INCLUDING ONE
WHO IS IN SERIOUS DISTRESS TRIED
TO HOLD THEIR GROUND.
>> >>.
>>. [ SCREAMING ]
[ SCREAMING ]
[ SCREAMING ] [ SCREAMING BRKTSZ.
[ SCREAMING BRKTSZ.
>> [ CHANTING HE INGING ]
OH!
AH!
OW!
>> AH!
>> DEATH TOLL FROM WEDNESDAY’S
RAMPAGE WAS 5.
POLICE OFFICER WAS KILLED,
THERE’S AN ACTIVE HOMICIDE
INVESTIGATION IN TO WHO MURDERED
HIM.
WHO THE ACCOMPLICES THAT THEY
MIGHT BE UNDER INVESTIGATION.
WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED IF THEY
HAD GOTTEN TO NANCY PELOSI OR
CHUCK SCHUMER, MIKE PENCE, DO
YOU THINK?
AND THIS WAS UNLEASHED BY THE
PRESIDENT IN NO UNCERTAIN TERMS
LET’S GO BACK.
TRUMP TWEETED, BIG PROTEST IN
D.C., ON JANUARY 6TH, BE THERE,
WILL BE WILD.
SPEAKERS TESTIFY PROTEST RILED
UP THE CROWD, RUDY GIULIANI
TELLING THEM TO SETTLE THE
ELECTION BY TRIAL BY COMBAT, AND
MO BROOKS OF ALABAMA SAID IT’S
QUOTE TO START TAKING DOWN NAMES
AND KICKING ASS" AND DONALD
TRUMP SPOKE TO SUPPORTERS AND
LAID IT ALL ON THE TABLE.
>> WE ARE GOING TO HAVE TO FIGHT
MUCH HARDER.
AND MIKE PENCE IS GOING TO HAVE
TO COME THROUGH FOR US.
AND IF HE DOESN’T, THAT WILL BE
A SAD DAY FOR OUR COUNTRY.
WE ARE GOING TO WALK DOWN TO THE
CAPITOL.
AND WE ARE GOING TO CHEER ON OUR
BRAVE SENATORS AND CONGRESSMEN
AND WOMEN, AND WE WILL PROBABLY
NOT BE SHEARING INGCHEERING SO M
OF THEM.
YOU WILL NEVER TAKE BACK OUR
COUNTRY WITH WEAKNESS.
YOU HAVE TO SHOW STRENGTH AND
YOU HAVE TO BE STRONG.
>> YOU HEAR THAT THREAT TO MIKE
PENCE?
HE IS GOING TO HAVE TO COME
THROUGH FORUS.
AND A MOB THAT WENT ON TO BREACH
THE CAPITOL IN SEARCH FOR MIKE
PENCE AND SAID THEY WANTED TO
HANG HIM.
WELL, AT THE SAME TIME THAT
DONALD TRUMP TWEETED THAT PENCE
DIDN’T HAVE THE COURAGE TO DO
WHAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE, THEY
WERE ROAMING THROUGH THE
CAPITOL.
IT WAS REPORTED THAT TRUMP WAS
DELIGHTED BY THE CHAOS.
AND
THE PRESIDENT INCITED AND
FACILITATED A VIOLENT ASSAULT ON
CONGRESS THAT RESULTED IN FIVE
DEATHS.
INCLUDING THE DEATH OF A CAPITOL
HILL POLICE OFFICER.
HE MUST FACE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES
FOR THOSE ACTIONS.
EVEN THOUGH VERY FEW PEOPLE WERE
ARRESTED ON THE DAY, WE KNOW
THAT SOME OF THE MAURRADERS AND
OTHERS ARE BEING APPREHENDED
LIKE THIS MAN WHO PUT HIS FEET
UP AT PELOSI’S DESK AND THIS
ELECTED REPUBLICAN DELEGATE WHO
LIVE STREAMED ON FACEBOOK AS HE
JOINED THE MOB STORMING THROUGH
THE PROFESSIONAL.
HE WAS NOT THE ONLY PROFESSIONAL
POLITICIAN THAT WAS THERE.
HERE IS CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE,
RICK S IS ANCON, HE LOST A
SPECIAL ELECTION IN 2018 IN A
DISTRICT THAT TRUMP WON BY 20
POINTS AND POSTED ON FACEBOOK
ABOUT STORMING THE CAPITOL.
TONIGHT, MORE THAN 48 HOURS
AFTER THE MOB STORMED THE
CAPITOL, WE HAVE NOT GOTTEN A
FULL BRIEFING FROM THE CAPITOL
HILL POLICE OF WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED AND WHO WAS INJURED AND